but i just love the idea of helping men
because i think
society now really always but life is
hard
it's hard life is a struggle
consistently and there are ups and downs
and so i just like the idea
of being able to somehow in some of my
videos
encourage men to love themselves and
love other women and
other just like love life i mean really
people like to disrespect my crew but
the fact is that you know my name and i
don't know
you on the internet and through social
media
more and more of us in the 21st century
live our lives
in two irreconcilable categories
in one we're treated with respect
deference admiration people speak to us
with flattery and praise and in the
other
we're spoken to in a denigrating
demeaning and above all demanding
way even though i did enjoy it it was
becoming
such a source of my anxiety i felt
unsafe
and i ultimately decided you know what
this is not for me
someone is signing up to my only fans
and actually paying me the money just so
they can
leak the photos or the videos to either
my sister or my mum i don't really talk
to my parents
so like i don't really and i like i
don't really care what they think like i
never
made them happy they were always annoyed
and disappointed in me no matter how
hard i tried so like
i'm sure they're not happy about this
but like they were also not happy before
like i just like i don't care like just
do what you want to do okay
and stop worrying about what your
parents or your kids might think one day
she opens the message reads it please
it's all true and then she likes to for
some reason she likes to send
the photo to me and show it to me now if
you don't know
it is very embarrassing when your own
mother is sending you pictures
of yourself like that i don't know why
she feels like she has to send me these
pictures
i'm the one who took them i'm the one
who filmed them i'm the one who posted
it online
i know what it looks like i don't need
my own mother to send it to me it's just
really annoying
and i did have to block her for a few
days because i didn't really know what
else to do because of this
i had a lot of arguments with her and
kind of stopped talking to her as well
i can already like hear the i told you
so comments or
you know what were you expecting just
hear me out okay as i started to grow
and move up in the rankings or whatever
more random people from all over the
world
started subscribing to me so at first it
was kind of this comfortable circle of
people who i generally knew of or they
at least knew me from my content it was
people who
didn't know who i was and it was a lot
of people and i
slowly began having problems with my
subscribers and by having problems i
mean
harassment and disrespect and disgusting
behavior
think for a moment about a good-looking
teenage girl
who has a job at mcdonald's and who also
post pictures of herself to instagram
maybe he records videos on youtube maybe
even has opened up
and only fans there's a huge difference
between those two
and you know when you take beauty
and sexual attraction out of the
equation
it only gets more perverse and the
psychological effects become more
demented and dementing
i have seen people young and old who
start
posting images of themselves on social
media hugging a chicken
asking you to donate money to pay for
the veterinary fees
so that this chicken could have some
operation so that it's health can be so
it could live
chicken that's been rescued from a farm
if you think it has a tremendous effect
on
an 18 year old 28 year old or a 38 year
old
to be told that they're beautiful
how about an 18 year old a 28 year old
or 38 year old who is blatantly
not beautiful but is being told that
they are an inspiration
that they're morally uplifting that
there are that
oh i wish my 18 year old were more like
you you know that you're this fantastic
symbol
of hope and progress and yeah one way or
another i find when those people
when those people really are
tremendously unattractive
nevertheless in the comments section
people are finding
ways to flatter them that oh you know
the light
and the warmth in your eyes you're a
beautiful soul
there are a lot of people who want to
hear that at 18
at 28 at 38 at any given age there are a
lot of people
whose experience of this life is warped
by that positive input much more than
the negative input they get
in the other side of their lives which
as i say i would characterize above all
else as just being
demanding when they turn away from
social media when they turn away from
youtube instagram online
whatever they use facebook even when
they turn away from the internet
and face the real world they're asked
questions like
what have you been doing with your life
in the last five years
really where do you think you're going
to be
five years from now and they may be
asked that by a grandparent
you know they'd be asked maybe asked by
a co-worker maybe asked by a cousin
a friend right who doesn't mean to
insult them
but it really is quite a contrast
from the effusive praise they're bathing
in and
i use the word bathing advisedly because
what i'm dealing with in this video is
that people turn to exhibiting
themselves
on the internet on instagram sure people
decide to monetize
their physical beauty on only fans not
just for the money
one of the strangest and most powerful
motivations of all is indeed
self-esteem is indeed trying to overcome
feelings of worthlessness of
self-loathing
and to do this by in some sense
selling your body by in some in some
sense dabbling
in sex work so that you can feel that
your body is worth
something so you can feel like you
are worth something rather than nothing
at all
i'm just getting really vile comments
people messaging me saying disgusting
things completely unwarranted
just disrespectful and i knew that that
kind of thing
came with the territory but like i said
i wasn't expecting anyone to even find
me like i didn't think
that would really be a problem and it
wasn't a problem for so many months
and i thought that once it started i'd
be able to handle it but i quickly
realized that
maybe i'm not so cut out for this
because it's
infuriating and it's probably
infuriating for everyone i just feel
like
other people just might be better
equipped to deal with that kind of stuff
or they just let it like brush off
that was not the case for me i was
constantly pissed off
and anxious to be honest some people
were like you're so fake
like this is not you you're not being
yourself and um
i really appreciate some of the comments
that i've got from girls who were like
if you knew when you would know like if
you actually watched her content you'd
know that this is her because the amount
of times i'd have a boob slip or a
vagina slip and i feel like this is dumb
but like
oops sorry i'll blur it you know what i
mean like i've just never cared and i
don't care and i
am a sexual person and i'm just down to
help break the stereotypes and the norms
that is our society because our society
is just all about shame
and conform conform conform and feel
ashamed and hate yourself and i'm like
this is so ridiculous
you are fine just as you are and society
just wants you to hate yourself so they
can make money off of you
then it started where they would like
find me on only fans and then if i
didn't answer that one only fans
they would reach out to me on other
platforms and there was
there was a few situations where i feel
like i was being harassed there's this
weird
thing that happens where i guess because
they
think it's like they think
that since they see me in a more
intimate light
that we somehow have a relationship with
each other
even though i have no idea who they are
and this is my
job they think that i
[Music]
it's like they think that even though
that they
paid for a photo of me that i for some
reason wanted to send it to them
just because you can make your account
private so that
people have to pay to actually view your
content don't think for a second that
it's
private because pretty quickly after i
made content it was posted to pornhub
um shared around with people on reddit
forms there's like
random little like discord servers and
people like share my [ __ ] and like not
don't pay for it which is
unbelievably annoying people really do
think that they can just talk to sex
workers any type of way
i've even had a few guys ask me out
which hey
don't do that that was just like kind of
funny but actually not funny
it's kind of scary i was just being
treated so poorly and i just kind of
realized like if i was being treated
like
this in any other type of job by
customers
or just by anybody in my life i would
quit that job i would cut those people
out so why would i deal with it here
and the other problem is once you've
started doing early fans and we started
making content and putting it out there
it is pretty much out there forever i
mean even if i deleted my only fans and
even if i stopped making only fan stuff
from now on
the stuff that i've already posted is
already in the hands
of weird people who like sending it to
my relatives
and they could also share it online on
different websites different forums
and that could also be a problem if in
the future
i wanted to find a job anytime anything
is on the internet it is on there
forever says really i think there should
be a law that says
you're not allowed to refuse someone a
job
for stupid reasons like they posted a
picture of that big toe
and then yeah another one this was very
common was like what your future kids
will think because
you know you'll have like a kid and
they'll go to school and everyone bully
them because your mom was a porn star
whatever
again valid definitely valid but yeah i
don't really know if i have kids and if
i did i would raise them to respect
women
and all of those capacities and to also
not give a [ __ ]
what other people think like if my kid
came home and got well i don't know
maybe it wouldn't work but i just in
theory like if my kid were to be bullied
i'd be like
darling you're [ __ ] incredible and
this person clearly hates themselves and
is still insecure
do your best to give them love and light
and be kind to them but stand up for
yourself because this is [ __ ] and
you're amazing and
also your mother's actions and decisions
shouldn't
impact your life so just tell them all
of that and like stand up for yourself
i tried for such a long time probably
about 10 years i was trying
to do the whole dating thing in japan i
was on dating apps
websites i was in guest houses meeting
women i was doing
everything i possibly could to
try and get myself one of those cute
japanese girls i did my hair nicely i
got nice clothing
practiced my japanese until it got to an
extremely high level
but in the end i just could not get
myself into a relationship with a cute
young attractive japanese girl which was
the whole reason why i was there in the
first place
and after years of rejection
after rejection after rejection started
to really chip away at my
self-confidence i started to feel like
what's wrong with me um i like i said i
kind of hope to make porn that helps
people to feel better about themselves
and love themselves like eventually i'm
still like trying to figure it out but
um that would be like the ideal
underneath goal
of my content would be to help people
accept themselves and love themselves
the young man that i've quoted in this
video
there's only one young man whereas i
quoted a couple young women
if you look at the sequence of videos
leading up to his decision
to join only fans and record it around
that time
it is self-explanatory the extent to
which this decision
was not merely financial but for him had
everything to do
with recapturing some sense of
self-worth
after years of rejection he says 10
years
of failing to get the kind of girlfriend
or kind of wife he wanted when he was
living in japan
and he admits openly he only moved to
japan to try to seduce or meet
a certain kind of woman and have a
certain kind of relationship which he
utterly failed in
after feeling revolted by his own body
his words not mine he bought himself
weights and started exercising at home
he decided he would whip himself into
shape he would put himself on this
website
and of course part and parcel of that he
starts to meet new women
and have new kinds of relationships in
new ways
all right
everyone can sympathize everyone here
can sympathize with the concept of doing
porn for the sake of your self-esteem
there's nothing hard to understand about
you know what
the whole thing with rescuing a chicken
you know when asking people to
donate money for the veterinary bills
the various forms of um
self-defeating heroics acrobatics and
people
get themselves thrown in prison so they
can be some kind of woke to vist on the
internet it's
again not not hard to understand
not hard to understand at all
i think the problem is that in the 21st
century
in the white western english speaking
world we tend to think
about the primary contrast in our lives
being between
socialization and isolation
we're not thinking about the contrast
between what's real
and what's fake
isolation i've had years of my life
years of not talking to another human
being at all
not beyond people asking me do you want
to pay 10 cents for a bag with your
groceries
i lived in germany the only interactions
i had with anyone in germany were when i
bought groceries
and they asked me in german if i lived
in france
i've lived in taiwan i mean recently
when i was living in taiwan
no contact with any other human being
aside from
saying hello when i was walking into the
gym to the security guy where you got to
show your card on the real
four years at a stretch i used to be a
scholar of buddhism
in many ways i led a more monastic life
than the buddhist monks
i know what it's like to live in silence
and isolation and i know what it's like
to be striving to live a better life
what i see as the profound and
corrupting influence
of success on social media of
finding the seeming
semblance of friendship on the internet
even if it's just 10 or 15 people
you missed 15 people saying you're doing
doing a wonderful job rescuing those
chickens or
15 30 people on instagram telling you
you look great
in your bikini it doesn't take it
doesn't take a whole lot right
and then not questioning what is the
work you have to do
to be the person that you want to become
you live your life with this
irreconcilable contrast
between how people treat you your own
friends your own family your co-workers
your boss
you know you may work at mcdonald's you
may be in class at university
which again sometimes demeaning
sometimes disrespectful
but above all demanding where people are
asking you
hey who are you gonna be
what are you gonna accomplish oh yeah
really prove it to me
show me what you got show me how
talented
how self-disciplined how hard-working
you are and if you're gonna do that
it's gonna mean a lot of time alone
right it's gonna be a lot of hard work
in isolation
not this instant gratification of the
crowd applauding of this kind of
education
this is this one world and then there's
this other world
of warm embraces appreciation adulation
people telling you you're beautiful
and even if you're not beautiful they
find some way to flatter you and tell
you that you're a beautiful
soul you have this light shining through
your eyes that you're an inspiration
blah blah blah which can be even more
warping
to the human ego
and what we lose track of so easily
is that one of these worlds is real
and one is fake one is true
and one is false and what we're training
ourselves to do
is live in isolation
while imagining that we're surrounded by
friends
and we're never learning the
self-discipline
how to educate ourselves how to develop
ourselves how to train ourselves
how to develop how to make the most of
isolation
because what we're doing with our time
is simply
to try to score more points to gain more
followers to get more of that positive
feedback
from those false friends